hello guys and render Tom and this is a
quick demo video for cinema 4d plugin
slice it up once you install the plugin
to appropriate application you can
access it via plugins slice it up now
for the plug-in to work we need to give
it a spline object that can be any kind
of a spline as long as it's a closed one
but for demo purposes I'm gonna choose a
circle smile and drop it in spline
object right here
by default the plugin slices your spline
into ten equal pieces but what to stop
here
let's choose let's say 50 there we go
and we can always change this on the fly
this is so procedural that it breaks my
heart
alright so let's leave it turn right now
in case we want to here at random with
slices so that's the checkbox there we
go we can always enable or disable it's
easy in case we want to have different
seeds so that's the button go nuts with
its container mode I will explain it a
little bit later and not contain the
checkbox does what it says so instead of
slicing yours line object it will slice
the bounding box or the container so to
speak this option might give some
interesting results so we left it there
all right moving along slice position
linear X will move your slices in X
direction and this disable circle now
let's get it awesome a linear wipe will
move slices in y direction in a linear
way Z will do the same but in z space is
it random X will move on X direction but
with some randomness random Y we'll move
on Y Direction also be some randomness
and NZ the same now let's jump the front
view like this and there we go let's
enable
X and keep some randomness there we go
we can play the random seed cone nuts
all right same goes for y direction like
this
he is easy it's a procedural now this is
beautiful all right so angle depends the
angle of the slice there we go beautiful
expansion it shrinks this is or it
expands the mask if we enable random
with so slices will dissipate faster
than the others
beautiful beautiful now if you're going
try to render this one well we see only
black screen that's because it's a
slight generator we need to add extrude
NURBS and make slice a type a child oh
it's this and don't forget to enable the
hi rod and here we go that's the way the
slicer that works beautiful all right
let's take a moment to talk about the
container mode by default it's set to
adaptive and this is a really good mode
it doesn't introduce any clipping it
doesn't generate any unnecessary
geometry however if you take a look at
the width of the slice on angle zero and
take a look at the width of the slices
90 degrees well you see the difference
this is because the container is trying
to cover the entire shape of your spine
so that's what's happening alright let's
take a look a square mode slices cover
entire shape the with the slice does not
change depending on the angle and we
don't get any clipping that's awesome
however on some angles we might be
getting some empty slices the rendering
unnecessary geometry like here if we
disable the invert container
those slices are there but they are
empty alright and the last one is circle
mode the width of the spline does not
change depending on the angle
however we are getting some clippings
right here are the corners and we're
losing information so the circle mode
works perfectly we
circles line take a look
like this poof if we change the angle no
clipping and the width of this plan is
equal Wireless lie setup is fast and
will work with any kind of a closed
spine you will throw act sometimes we
will be getting some weird-looking
geometry like this let me show you there
we go
this happens when the masks line is
intersecting the point on your spline to
be honest there is no perfect solution
for this but changing the number of
slices or changing the random seed or
even lowering down the expansion might
help however this is not the best
workaround but sometimes it gets the job
done anyways guys thanks for watching
Cheers